As of the 1.5 release, nmh has made significant changes to the way most of
the message composition utilities work, specifically with the way
the components templates are handled.  If you use the default
components templates that come with nmh then everything should work
with only minor changes, but if you have custom component templates
you should read this information carefully to understand how you
might need to adapt your component templates.

- "post" now requires a From: header in all drafts that it processes
  for sending (a "Resent-From" header is accepted for use with "dist").

- You should now use %(localmbox) instead of %(me) especially in replcomps
  and replgroupcomps.

- The nmh programs "comp", "forw", and "dist" now process all component
  template files using the format routines in mh-format(5).  The default
  templates are configured to place an appropriate From: header in them.
  Any custom templates you use will either have to be adapter to add an
  appropriate From: header or you will have to manually put one in
  the draft.

- "comp", "forw", and "dist" all have new switches "-from", "-to", "-cc",
  "-fcc", and "-subject" that can be used to adjust the headers that
  appear in the draft.  See the default component files and the program
  man pages to see exactly how this works with mh-format.

- The default From: header is constructed based on the Unix username and
  the local hostname.  This can be overridden using the Local-Mailbox
  profile entry.

- A number of new format instructions are available:

  %(myhost)	- The local hostname
  %(myname)	- The local user's name (GECOS field)
  %(localmbox)	- The local mailbox (either Local-Mailbox or user@host).
		  This should now be used instead of %(me) in nearly all
		  cases (%(me) only outputs the local Unix username).
  %(putlit)	- Out the contents of the str register without space
		  compression.
  %(concataddr) - Construct an address list like %(formataddr), except that
		  it will NOT perform duplicate suppression (currently
		  duplicate suppression only happens inside of
		  "repl").  One possible use of this function is to
		  construct an address list and use %(match) to decide
		  which "From:" address to use.
